April
April is the fourth month of the year with 30 days.

August
August is the eighth month of the year.

Art
The word art is used to describe some activities or creations of human beings that have importance to the human mind, regarding an attraction to the human senses.

A
A is 1st letter of the alphabet.

Air
Air means Earth's atmosphere.

Autonomous communities of Spain
Spain is divided in 17 parts called autonomous communities.

Alan Turing
Alan Mathison Turing  was an English mathematician and computer scientist.

Alanis Morissette
Alanis Nadine Morissette  is a Grammy Award-winning Canadian-American singer and songwriter.

Adobe Illustrator
"Adobe Illustrator" is a computer program for making graphic design and illustrations.

Andouille
Andouille is a sort of pork sausage.

Farming
Farming is the growing of crops or keeping of animals by people for food and raw materials.

Arithmetic
Arithmetic is what we call working with numbers.

Addition
Addition is the mathematical way of putting things together.

Australia
Australia is a continent in the Southern Hemisphere between the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean.

American English
American English or U.S.

Aquaculture
Aquaculture is the farming of fish, shrimp, and algae.

Abbreviation
An abbreviation is a shorter way to write a word or phrase.

Angel
In many religions, an angel is a good spirit.

Ad hominem
Ad hominem is a Latin term.

Native American
Native Americans  are those people who were in North America, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean Islands when the Europeans came there.

Apple
An apple is a kind of fruit.

Abrahamic religion
People use the term Abrahamic Religion for a number of religions that recognise Abraham as an important person.

Algebra
Algebra is a part of mathematics  that helps show the general links between numbers and math operations  used on the numbers.

As
In other words, you can say more generally what an idiom or metaphor says: for example, "battle of the sexes" is both a metaphor and an idiom that suggests "love as war".

Atom
An atom is the most simple type of particle that makes up matter.

Astronomy
Astronomy is the study of planets, stars, galaxies, and other objects found in outer space.

Architecture
Architecture is the design of structures; how they are built.

Anatomy
Anatomy is the study of the bodies of living beings .

Asteroid
An asteroid is like a planet, but smaller.

Afghanistan
Afghanistan  is a country located in South Asia.

Angola
Angola is a country in Africa.

Argentina
Argentina or the República Argentina, is a country in south South America.

Austria
Austria , officially "Republic of Austria", is a country in Central Europe.

Armenia
Armenia is a country in the Caucasus region of Europe.

Archaeology
Archaeology is the study of the past by looking for the remains and relics  left by the people who lived before us.

Application
The word application has several uses.

Animalia
Animalia is the name of the animal kingdom.

Animal
Animals are living things.

Acceleration
Acceleration is a measure of how fast velocity changes.

Basic English
Basic English is a made-up language written by Charles Kay Ogden.

Black pudding
Black pudding is an English name for blood sausage.

Boot device
A boot device makes a computer work.

Boot
A boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle.

Bankrupt
Anything that does not have enough money to pay all of its debt is insolvent.

Breakfast sausage
Breakfast sausage is a type of fresh pork sausage made from seasoned ground meat mixed with bread crumbs.

Beekeeping
Beekeeping or apiculture is the farming of honeybees.

British English
British English is the kind of English language which is used in the United Kingdom.

Being
The word being means the same as "person".

Beijing
Beijing  is the capital of the People's Republic of China.

Bottle
A bottle is a small container used to carry liquids.

Berry
The word berry is used for many different kinds of small fruits that has many seeds and can be eaten.

Boil
To boil water is to make it hot so that it begins to make bubbles and turns into steam.

Beard
A beard is the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face.

Black
In light, Black is lack of all color.

Bubonic plague
The Bubonic plague is a very deadly disease.

Biology
Biology is the science of life and living things, like plants, animals, fungi , and bacteria.

Botany
Botany is a science.

Belgium
Belgium  is a country in Europe.

Brazil
Brazil is a country in South America.

Britain
Britain is often used as a short name for the United Kingdom .

Chemistry
Chemistry [kem'-ihs-tree] is the science of "chemical elements" and "compounds", and how these things work together.

Computer science
Computer science is the science of how to treat information.

Computer
A Computer is a machine that manipulates data according to a set of instructions.

Chinese
Chinese means from or about the country of China, especially a person from China or one of the languages of China.

Continent
A continent is a large area of the land on Earth that is joined together.

Classical element
The Greek classical elements are fire, air, water, and earth.

China
China  is an ancient region in Asia.

Country
In geography, a country is a political division.

Colchester
Colchester is a town in the northern part of the English county of Essex.

Cartography
Cartography is making maps.

Creator
A Creator is a person who creates something.

Contact network
A contact network is a group of people who can all quickly get in touch with each other.

Creative network
A creative network is a loose group of people creating something in art or science or business.

Chorizo
Chorizo is a pork  sausage which people first made in Spain.

Creativity
Creativity  is the ability of a person to be creative, take part in creating, or be useful in a creative network of other people.

Catharism
The Cathar faith was a version of Christianity.

Cosmology
Cosmology is the study of "all that is".

Church
A church is a "building" where people, , come together to worship.

City
A city is a place where many people live together.

Cook
To cook food is to make it ready to eat by heating it.

Chat
To chat is to talk about ordinary things that are not very important.

Cup
Some are expensive, maybe old, mostly painted by hand; a few people collect such cups, and do not use them.
